.TH MU2EDAQ-NOTIFY 1 "July 2026" "mu2edaq-notify 0.1.0" "Mu2e DAQ"
.SH NAME
mu2edaq-notify \- publish an event to the Mu2e DAQ notification server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mu2edaq-notify
[\fB--server\fR \fIURL\fR] [\fB--fallback-server\fR \fIURL\fR]
[\fB--token\fR \fITOKEN\fR] [\fB--no-discover\fR]
.B send
[\fB--severity\fR \fILEVEL\fR] [\fB--source\fR \fINAME\fR]
[\fB--category\fR \fINAME\fR]
[\fB--meta\fR \fIKEY=VALUE\fR]... \fITITLE\fR [\fIMESSAGE\fR]
.br
.B mu2edaq-notify
[\fB--server\fR \fIURL\fR] [\fB--fallback-server\fR \fIURL\fR] [\fB--no-discover\fR]
.B ping
.SH DESCRIPTION
Command-line publisher and diagnostic for the Mu2e DAQ notification
system. \fBsend\fR publishes one event; \fBping\fR queries the server's
health endpoint (trying \fB--server\fR then \fB--fallback-server\fR).
When no server is given the primary address is taken from
$MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_URL or found via the mu2edaq-discovery multicast
protocol; the fallback address (tried only when the primary is
unreachable) comes from $MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_FALLBACK_URL or the discovered
ANNOUNCE's \fBmeta.fallback_url\fR. An explicit rejection from a
reachable server (bad token, bad payload) is never retried against the
fallback.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --severity LEVEL
debug, info, warning (default), error, or critical.
.TP
.B --source NAME
Publishing application name shown in the dashboard (default: cli).
.TP
.B --category NAME
Subsystem tag, e.g. Trigger, Tracker. Freeform -- see the server's
GET /api/categories for the configured canonical list; an unrecognized
or omitted category is still accepted.
.TP
.B --meta KEY=VALUE
Attach metadata; repeatable.
.TP
.B --fallback-server URL
Address to try when the primary server is unreachable.
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
mu2edaq-notify send --severity error --source dtc-monitor \\
    --meta run=107001 "DTC link down" "ROC link 3 lost lock"
mu2edaq-notify ping
.fi
.SH ENVIRONMENT
MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_URL, MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_FALLBACK_URL, MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_TOKEN.
.SH EXIT STATUS
0 on success, 1 when the event was not accepted or the server is
unreachable, 2 on usage error.
.SH SEE ALSO
mu2edaq-notify-server(1), mu2edaq_notify(3)
