.TH MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY 3 "July 2026" "mu2edaq-notify 0.1.0" "Mu2e DAQ"
.SH NAME
mu2edaq_notify \- Python publisher library for the Mu2e DAQ notification
server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
from mu2edaq_notify import NotifyPublisher, publish_event

pub = NotifyPublisher(server_url=None, fallback_url=None, token=None,
                      source=None, host=None, timeout=5.0, discover=True)
pub.publish(severity, title, message="", source=None, meta=None)
pub.debug(title, ...)  pub.info(...)  pub.warning(...)
pub.error(...)         pub.critical(...)

publish_event(severity, title, message="", **kwargs)
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Standard-library-only client for publishing events. Two addresses are
resolved independently, each in order constructor argument >
environment > discovery: \fBserver_url\fR (primary; $MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_URL;
the mu2edaq-discovery ANNOUNCE's own host/port/scheme) and
\fBfallback_url\fR (secondary; $MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_FALLBACK_URL; the same
ANNOUNCE's \fBmeta.fallback_url\fR), used only when \fBdiscover\fR is
true. The bearer token comes from the constructor or
$MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_TOKEN.
.PP
\fBpublish()\fR tries \fBserver_url\fR first. It only tries
\fBfallback_url\fR when the primary is unreachable at the network level
(DNS/connection/timeout failure) -- an explicit rejection from a
reachable server (bad token, bad payload) is not retried against the
fallback. Returns True when a server accepted the event and False
otherwise. It never raises on delivery failure: publishing a
notification must not be able to take down a DAQ application.
.SH EVENT FIELDS
severity (debug|info|warning|error|critical), title (<=200 chars),
message (<=4000 chars), source, host (defaults to the local hostname),
meta (string map).
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
from mu2edaq_notify import NotifyPublisher
pub = NotifyPublisher(token="api-token", source="dtc-monitor")
pub.error("DTC link down", "ROC link 3 lost lock",
          meta={"run": "107001"})
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
mu2edaq-notify(1), mu2edaq_notify_cpp(3)
