.TH MU2EDAQ-NOTIFY-SERVER 1 "July 2026" "mu2edaq-notify 0.1.0" "Mu2e DAQ"
.SH NAME
mu2edaq-notify-server \- Mu2e DAQ notification server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mu2edaq-notify-server
[\fB--config\fR \fIFILE\fR] [\fB--host\fR \fIADDR\fR] [\fB--port\fR \fIPORT\fR]
[\fB--db-url\fR \fIURL\fR] [\fB--base-url\fR \fIURL\fR]
[\fB--api-token\fR \fITOKEN\fR]... [\fB--zmq\fR|\fB--no-zmq\fR]
[\fB--no-discovery\fR] [\fB--debug\fR] [\fB--version\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Receives error/warning events from Mu2e DAQ applications (HTTP JSON API,
optional ZeroMQ compatibility listener), filters them through configurable
rules, and delivers push notifications to registered iPhones via APNs and
to Slack and Discord webhooks. Serves a web interface for viewing events
and managing filters, destinations, and device enrollment (QR code).
Announces itself with the mu2edaq-discovery protocol so publishers can
find it automatically.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --config FILE
YAML configuration file (default: $MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_CONFIG).
.TP
.B --host ADDR, --port PORT
Bind address and port (default 0.0.0.0:8095).
.TP
.B --db-url URL
SQLAlchemy database URL. SQLite by default; use a
postgresql+psycopg2:// URL for Postgres.
.TP
.B --base-url URL
External base URL embedded in QR codes and auto-configuration payloads.
.TP
.B --api-token TOKEN
Add a publisher bearer token (repeatable).
.TP
.B --zmq / --no-zmq
Enable/disable the ZeroMQ compatibility listener.
.TP
.B --no-discovery
Do not announce via mu2edaq-discovery.
.TP
.B --debug
Flask debug mode (development only).
.SH ENVIRONMENT
MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_CONFIG, MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_HOST, MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_PORT,
MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_BASE_URL, MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_DB_URL, MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_API_TOKEN,
MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_APNS_ENABLED, MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_ZMQ_ENABLED,
MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_ZMQ_BIND, MU2EDAQ_NOTIFY_DISCOVERY_ENABLED.
Precedence: command line > environment > config file > defaults.
.SH FILES
config/notify-server.yaml (configuration),
config/apns_key.p8 (APNs ES256 auth key, not committed),
data/notify.db (SQLite database).
.SH SEE ALSO
mu2edaq-notify(1), mu2edaq_notify(3), mu2edaq_notify_cpp(3),
mu2edaq-discover(1)
